restore limitations (#462)
onflow/docs: docs/architecture/node-ops/nodes/node-operation/access-node-setup.md

![Flow Epoch Schedule](./epoch-startup-order.png)

## Limitations

There are three open slots for access nodes every epoch.

To summarize,

|  **Date**  |  **Time** | **Epoch** |     **Epoch Phase**    |                                                     |
|:----------:|:---------:|:---------:|:----------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------:|

> | 02/08/2023 | 20:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction starts | Stake your access nodes                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 02/08/2023 | 20:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction starts | Three new access node slots are opened. Anyone can register their access nodes                             |
```

> | 02/15/2023 | 08:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction ends   | No more access nodes can be staked for epoch 64    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 02/15/2023 | 08:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction ends   |  Three of the nodes registered during this epoch are randomly selected to be a part of the network in the next epoch. No more nodes can register until the next epoch starts.   |
```

> | 02/15/2023 | 20:00 UTC | 64         | Epoch n+1 starts       | 3 randomly chosen access nodes can join the network |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 02/15/2023 | 20:00 UTC | 64         | Epoch n+1 starts       | The newly selected nodes can now participate in the network. Three new slots are opened. |
```

> | 02/15/2023 | 08:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction ends   |  Three of the nodes registered during this epoch are randomly selected to be a part of the network in the next epoch. No more nodes can register until the next epoch starts.   |

Author: ```suggestion
| 02/15/2023 | 08:00 UTC | 63         | Staking auction ends   | Three of the nodes registered during this epoch are randomly selected to be a part of the network in the next epoch. No more nodes can register until the next epoch starts.   |
```
